Bob Cockerall
(tune: Temperance Reel)

Just the other day I was invited to a funeral
But to my disappointment, the fella didn't die
He said he's very sorry then for havin' disappointed us
And seein' as he apologized, we let the thing go by
To ease our disappointment, he took us out and treated us
He bought a quart of porter for a company of ten
And when we asked th' fellow whose money he was squanderin'
The fellow took his wallet out; we didn't ask again!

We got a concertina out all for to make some merriment
And none of us could play it tho we tried our best and worst
We made an awful noise on it, and if it's any benefit,
We played the thing so carefully that all the bellows burst
We got a boiled potato for to mend the concertina with
When someone struck Maloney with the carcass of a cat
He bundled back his whiskers, and he read out the riot act
And said he'd put two lumps upon the bugger who done that!

The owner of the beershop, when he saw us all a-riotin'
He ordered us to leave at once, but this we flat refused
So he whistled up some loafers who was standin' round the corner
And for ten or fifteen minutes we was bodily abused
We gathered up our dignity, and down the road we started,
A bunch of hungry urchins, well, they pelted us with mud
We told 'em they could chuck it, and they said they was a doin' that
And then they all run off and left us there where we fell, or stood!

Well, just around the corner we ran into some Salvationers
Who rifled all our pockets, and inquired if we was saved
And poor old John McGinty got escorted to the station-house
For the song that he was singin', and the way that he behaved.
Well, for to free McGinty we all stripped off our undershirts
And to the local Pawnshop we marched the bloomin' lot
We told them that we only wanted ten-and-six on them
There's enough on them already, was the answer that we got!

We got ten-and-six on them all for to free McGinty with
Bad luck to the beershop we passed along the way!
Of course we couldn't pass it without havin' some refreshment
And we squandered every penny of the fine we had to pay....
The liquor bein' in us, well, the sense it went all out of us
And for a bit of riotin' we quickly did repair
We battered one another as we re-arranged the tables
Keepin' track of lighter objects that was flyin' thru the air!

McPherson hit McCannlesh and McCannlesh hit another man
And another man, another man, and any man was right
And poor old crippled MacNamara, sittin' doin' nothin'
Got a kick that broke his jaw for not indulgin' in the fight
We fought around like Turks until the police came and parted us
And carted us away with broken noses and black eyes
I got thirty days in prison, but to me it was a lesson
That I'll go no more to funerals...until the fella dies! 



8888888888888888888888


I received an invitation to go to a funeral,
But to my sad misfortune now the fellow didn't die.
Of course the man was vexed at disappointing all the mourners,
But then he apologized and so we let the thing go by.
To make up for disappointing us, he took us out and treated us.
He bought a pint of porter for a company of ten;
Until somebody asked him just whose money was he squandering?
He put the fellow's eyelids into mourning there and then.

Well, the owner of the beer shop, observing we were riotous,
Gave orders to evict us, but of course we all refused;
So he whistled up some loungers who were loafing in the corner,
And for ten or fifteen minutes we were thoroughly abused.
And then we left the beer shop and down the street did stagger,
Where a gang of corner boys commenced at pelting us with mud.
We asked for them to chuck it and they told us they were doing so,
And so we turned on them and left them lying where they stood.

Well, the next that we encountered was a company of Salvationers
Who rifled all our pockets 'till we begged that we be saved,
And little Mac MacGinty got invited to the station
For inquiring of a policeman how his ancestors behaved.
To make MacGinty's bail, every man took off his undershirt,
And down to the pawnshop we brought the jolly lot.
We told the man we wanted only ten and sixpence on 'em.
"There's enough on them already" was the answer that we got.

Well, we got the ten and sixpence and went off to free MacGinty,
But the devil take the beer shop that attacked us on the way.
We couldn't pass it by without accepting some refreshment,
And we drank up every penny of the fine we had to pay.
We bought a concertina for to make the high hilarity,
Though none of us could play it, though we tried our best - and worst.
We knocked a lot of noise from it, if that's of any consequence.
We handled it so gently that the bellows it did burst.

Well, we got a boiled potato for to mend the concertina with,
When someone hit Maloney with the carcass of a cat.
He buttoned up his whiskers and began to read the Riot Act.
He swore he'd put two heads upon the fellow who did that.
Then Maloney hit Mahoney and Mahoney hit some other man,
And everyone hit anyone to whom he'd owed a spite;
And the crippled McNamara who'd been sitting saying nothing
Got a kick that blacked his eye for not indulging in the fight.

Well, the liquor being into us, the sense was nearly out of us,
So for a bit of rioting we straightway did repair.
We battered one another 'till we all weren't worth three ha'pence,
And you couldn't see the carpet on the floor for skin and hair.
We battered one another 'till the police separated us
And marched us off to jail with bloody noses and black eyes.
They marched us off to jail - and to me it's proved a lesson:
One should never go to funerals unless somebody dies.
